Welcome to Afghanistan.
[Emily] My name is Angela Adams.
I'm a special agent
with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Your father is Faraz Hamzad.
Your name is Parwana.
We were told that causing Hamzad trouble
wouldn't be a problem for you.
What kind of trouble will this cause him?
The devastating kind.
The Meshbahar Deposit.
[Omar] Faraz Hamzad found it.
He has plans to exploit it.
I am looking at it as we speak.
Everything is stopped.
There are Talib soldiers here.
[in Dari] I am here for Hamzad.
He does not answer to you.
Will you be producing him.
or will I be coming to take him?
[Faraz. in English]
It's not safe for you here anymore.
Where are we going?
A cave that I once told your mother of.
[Harper] What is this?
[Chase] A place she could hide. Disappear.
[Emily] What?
[gunshot]
[gun cocks]
[breathes shakily. grunts]
[groaning]
[footsteps approaching]
[Faraz groans]
- [Emily panting]
- [Faraz groaning]
- Angela...
- [Emily sobbing]
...just be careful with him.
[Emily breathes shakily]
What happened?
It wasn't easy getting this far.
How'd you even get here?
Marion.
She got us in. She'll get us out.
The chopper is just a phone call away.
It's time to go home now.
If we leave him here. he'll die.
Maybe.
Well. we're not going to do that.
[Harper] Okay. Listen...
We have a lot to talk about.
but we have to get him home.
They need him there.
and he's not going to make it alone.
I'm needed home too.
Because of him. Because of what he did.
I know you know that.
[grunts]
I told you not to come.
What?
[Emily] I told you to look after
Cheryl and Henry. and not me.
[Chase] Em.
Em. he came here
only because he loves you.
And what happened just now.
that was to protect me.
Does he know?
[stammers] What do you mean?
Did you tell him what I am?
I did. yeah.
Well. then this shouldn't be hard
for either of you to understand.
I can't leave him here to die.
And I'm asking you to help me.
[Faraz] It's time.
It's time for you to go.
We both know that.
No. not like this. Not with you like this.
You have to go.
There's government soldiers in his house.
They've come for him.
but they're there because of me.
They're looking for me.
The family. everyone there.
they're in danger.
They need him.
And I'm going to get him back there.
Are you going to help me?
Yes.
[sighs]
Excuse me. but what the fuck?
- What?
- We're taking him home?
Isn't that awfully nice of us?
Maybe we didn't hear
the same thing just now.
Something happened between them.
I don't know what it is or what it means.
But I'm telling you.
what I heard is that if we were
to leave him up there to die.
we'll have lost her forever.
Lost her forever?
Are you being serious right now?
Harold. I'm telling you.
that is what I heard
and I'm not willing to risk it.
So. yes.
we're taking him home.
Jesus.
You're terrified of her.
You were so sure she was dead.
Was it because
- the alternative is even scarier?
- No.
[in Dari] You are not the first
to come for him.
Not the first to see a moment where
there seems to be an opportunity.
Where he seems weakened...
I assure you...
he only seems that way.
[in Dari] I have nothing to say to you...
my patience is wearing thin.
If he were here...
he would be far less understanding than I...
I assure you.
If you had the leverage
you seem to think you do...
I would have been recalled by now.
I would have been arrested.
[helicopter whirring]
Who is that?
[speaking French] Français?
[sighs]
[in English] English then.
You're an intelligence officer.
You speak something
your men won't understand. no?
Who are you?
I'm very glad you asked.
It means you have no idea
what you just stumbled into.
No idea how important
Faraz Hamzad's commerce is to Kabul.
No idea the role I play in it.
No idea how much trouble you are in.
Come here.
The Ministry was concerned
because our last transfer was delayed.
The sanctions you are under
are complicated.
We are doing the best we can
to stay ahead of them. but we stumbled.
The Ministry allowed you to come up here
to harass us because of it.
but this will assure them
there is nothing to be concerned about.
They used you to send a message to us.
This money is my reply.
And the matter is closed.
Anything more you do from here.
you will answer for.
I promise.
Leave.
[chattering]
Where did you get this money?
You don't wanna know.
[in Dari] Yes I do.
[in English] Mother. we have
bigger problems than that right now.
What could be bigger problems than this?
Have you ever heard of a man
named Morgan Bote?
He is the one who was behind the deal
to deliver Dan Chase.
And it would seem he is the one
who was so angry we took Parwana instead.
he's frozen all our assets
and means to see us ruined over it.
[people chattering]
[in Dari] Wait.
What's your name?
Hmm?
It's ok.
I just want to ask you a question.
Farouk! Farouk!
[in Dari] What do you want from my son?
[sobbing] Farouk...
Have you seen anyone new here recently?
A woman...
Farouk.
Ok... I see...
This woman can't speak our language.
can she?
Do you know her name?
Can you tell me her name?
- [grunts]
- [soldiers clamoring]
[screaming] Farouk! Farouk!
- Farouk! Farouk!
- [gun fires]
- [people screaming]
- [gasps]
[pants]
[guns firing]
Probably could have parked
someplace a little less public.
Ask me what you want to ask me.
What did you say to her?
[chuckles]
You had a lifetime to tell her your story.
And now you're concerned I might
have had the nerve to tell her mine.
[chuckles]
What did you say to her?
You can stay concerned.
- I'm gonna head down.
- Oh. no. no. I'm fine. I'll handle it.
- I don't think that's a good idea.
- I'd feel better if you stayed back here.
- All right. listen.
- No.
You don't even know what I'm gonna say.
I know that if it starts with. "Listen."
I can't deal with it right now.
Okay? I know what's going on in your head.
We're way too...
What? We're way too what?
I was gonna say we're way too alike.
I don't know what's happening to me
right now. okay?
- I need you to understand that.
- I do.
- No. you don't.
No. You can't.
But getting him home.
that's important to me.
And I need it to be important to you
right now.
All right.
Stay behind me.
I know what I'm doing.
Of course you do.
I want you to stay behind me anyway.
That's important to me right now.
A special forces chopper?
[Marion] I have an associate
who has influence with Tashkent.
They will enter Afghan airspace.
proceed to a location you designate
to collect three passengers.
and return back across the border.
I can't imagine how much that cost you
with your associate.
More than what it will cost you with me.
I told you I'm in no position
to offer you anything you would want.
Not anymore.
Dinner is what you'll owe me.
Yeah. Okay.
Listen. whatever it actually is
you imagine I'm into you for for this.
I assure you. you can forget it.
The chopper will not want
to be inside Afghan airspace
any longer than necessary.
and they will not want
to be noticed at all.
Try not to cause
an international incident. Please.
[line clicks]
[Omar. in Dari. through speaker]
You might yet still survive this.
You owe nothing to Faraz Hamzad...
who has made you all a target
through his crimes.
The choice...
belongs to you.
[in English] What if we were
to call the minister directly?
We fired on his soldiers.
I fear we are past phone calls.
And even if we hadn't.
this man. Morgan Bote.
he has somehow managed
to freeze everything.
The US accounts. the offshore accounts.
Our money and the promise of more of it
once the Meshbahar Deposit
is fully operational
were what held the Taliban at bay.
But without it. we are defenseless.
There had to have been a better way.
If you would have asked me.
I would have helped to find a better way.
I promise. if one of the two of us
should be angry
about how this was mishandled.
it isn't you.
[in Dari] He didn't want anyone to know...
until she was here safely.
[in English] I get it. I do.
But the cost of that.
we are only beginning
to know what it'll be.
[speaking Dari]
[in Dari] Yes...
standing by...
yes...
[rustling]
Did you hear that?
[grunting]
[both straining]
[choking]
[grunts]
[radio static. beeps]
[soldier. in Dari]
Report back to your position. please.
Still no response...
do we have his last position?
Check again!
[Faraz] I am here.
I see.
Perhaps if you'd been here instead
to speak for yourself...
things wouldn't have gotten
so out of hand.
Let me make this simple for you.
Show yourself here...
and I will take you
to the Ministry in Kabul myself...
where you can explain
who the American woman is...
why two Americans tried
to rescue her alone...
and why they should be expected
to trust you.
Decide quickly...
or things here will only get uglier.
[in English] We must go.
- To Kabul?
- Yeah.
That can't be safe for you.
[Faraz] Safe?
It's not important what happens to me.
What matters is that our people are safe.
- We must go.
- She's right.
If you go back there like this.
he's gonna kill you.
and then he's gonna take
whatever he wants anyway.
Who are you?
Who are you to have an opinion
of what is best for me
and the people I lead?
Who are you that I should account for it?
And since you're asking.
I'm the guy who's going out of his way
to make sure you don't fall off your horse
and die on your way home.
And if you think that earns you
a position with me.
that services a debt you imagine
might be repaid.
you are terribly mistaken.
- What if I went with you?
- What?
All the way into the village with you.
- Why on Earth would you do that?
- So I can diffuse all of this.
How on Earth would you do that?
- With the truth.
- Emily.
The man on the radio wants to know
why you kidnapped an FBI agent.
But there is no FBI agent here.
There is no Angela Adams anymore.
I mean. how could there be
after all of this?
The truth is. I was born here
and I was taken away.
This is a family story.
Nothing that could
possibly be compromising to you.
- No. No.
- [Emily] Why not?
The Taliban's secret police
are not exactly known
for their readiness to listen to reason.
[Emily] I don't care if he likes it.
He just needs to worry that...
that he has a weaker hand
than the one he thought he was holding.
He'd kill you.
[Faraz] I did this.
I opened this door.
And the danger that has resulted...
It will not fall upon you.
I will not permit it.
[Harper] You warned me.
What's that?
"There's no Angela Adams anymore."
You warned me.
That if I wasn't careful with her
in that moment.
then she'd disappear on me.
I didn't imagine it would happen
the same morning.
No. I don't think she meant it that way.
I don't think that was about you.
It was a little about me.
I just came halfway around the world
to save a person
who doesn't want to exist anymore.
Would you have done anything different
if you had known that?
You're such an asshole. Of course not.
But I'm not thrilled about how it feels.
- And I'm trying to talk to you about...
- Jesus. fine. Okay.
You should have listened to me
when I warned you.
Better?
[chuckles]
It's not like she had a say in the matter.
It's not like Angela Adams is gonna show
up again for work on Monday after this.
I guess I thought there might be a way
that we would fight to save the name
somehow.
since it was so important to both of us.
I suppose I should be angry. but that kid.
she came halfway around the world
to find answers
that no one else would give her.
so she could stare the truth in the eyes.
And in the moment
when I tried to pull rank
and make her feel guilty about it.
she stared me dead in the eyes
and told me to go fuck myself.
How could you not be
at least a little proud of her?
He can say what he wants about you.
You raised a hell of a kid.
The entrance is sealed.
There's no way in the front door.
- You're gonna have to go...
- [Faraz] No.
I will not steal into my own home
through secret doors.
I will face them where they are.
Please don't.
I'm sorry it was this way.
but I'm not sorry
that now you have seen this place.
and it has seen you.
They're gonna kill him. aren't they?
[Harper] Our ride is gonna be
getting here awful soon.
If we're gonna get out of here.
I gotta let them know
where we're gonna meet.
[Chase] Yeah. You should call 'em.
[soldiers shouting in Dari]
[grunts]
[in Dari] It didn't have to be this way.
You could've made this so much easier.
Are you coming with me...
or will we be forced to finish
what your people started?
[soldiers clamoring]
They won't set down here.
Not with all the activity.
We'll hump over the ridge here.
How much time we have?
Not much. They won't wait long.
Emily. Emily! Emily. no!
Yeah. change of plans.
We need to redirect. Now.
[soldiers chattering]
[chattering stops]
Hello there.
[Faraz panting]
Would you like to tell me who you are?
Don't worry about them.
In a few moments.
he will be coming with me.
He won't get everyone killed
to prevent this.
So. at this point.
this is just for the sake
of my own curiosity.
You are the abducted American.
The one who started all of this mess.
Yes?
You're an agent with the FBI.
This is also true?
If you tell me. it might help.
I might be willing to make this
just a little easier on everyone
if I didn't have to end the day
still wondering what it is I'm missing.
You don't belong here.
This doesn't need to be your fight.
Just tell me.
Who are you?
My name is Parwana Hamzad.
[both grunting]
[shots firing]
"On whose authority?" On my authority.
Yeah. but you can't evac us if we're dead!
I'm on the hook for this.
Just do it! You understand?
[line clicks]
Hello?
[shots continue]
[people clamoring]
[helicopter whirring]
- [Emily screams]
- [Faraz grunts]
[screams]
[straining. gurgling]
[Omar breathing shakily]
[straining stops]